IRIS-849-csharp-fullpage (#2718)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/visual-testing/_partials/_fullpage-description.md

Options:

> - `delayAfterScrollMs`: Delay in ms after scrolling and before taking screenshots. Default value is 0 (helps with lazy loading content)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `delayAfterScrollMs`: Delay in ms after scrolling and before taking screenshots. The default value is 0. We recommend using this option for lazy loading content.
```
